So back to our my first compose, which we created before.
If you've been following us, so it is indeed a composed project, and then we attached a houghtaling
module.
So if you are shaky on how to create a control module, just go back to the previous videos where we're
setting things happen.
I show you how to create a codling module inside of a compose or Android application.
It's just the easy way for us to learn cuddling separately, but still inside of the main Android project,
OK in Android Studio.
And if you also think following us, you recognize that we also have another options to run cuddling
code, which is cuddling playground.
So if you go to Google and type in cuddling playground, you will have playground as name and play where
you can start typing code and run on the browser.
So those are two options, and I chose this option for now, which is to use Android Studio, but you
could very well just use Kaleen Playground.
Whichever way works fine.
OK, so here we are.
As you can see here we have the main entry point.
Fun main.
And then we have this print, which if we run, is going to print, which if we run this one again,
it should print hello cuddling.
Now the other thing what I'm going to do, I'm just going to pin this console here to the right.
So it's much easier for us.
So I'm going to move.
I say right top like this.
So it's side by side.
Let's close it down.
So have more space and maybe make this little smaller.
It doesn't really need that much.
OK, we can adjust as we go at the center of any programming language.
There is what we call variables.
So variable essentially is a container that holds a value at certain point in time.
So how do we create a variable?
Well, there are two ways to create variables in Kotlin.
In fact, there are many different ways when you look into types and so forth, but a basic variable
that can hold something.
We start by saying far and you can see as a type look back and say VAR.
You can see that the Edee and or studio knows exactly what you trying to do.
At least it looks at what you're trying to do and gives you some suggestions.
So we say VAR in in this case, let's say name, and then we assign this variable to something.
OK.
In this case, we can assign cuddling.
I such as I.
So what we're saying now is that name the variable name, a bucket contains codling string.
Now we know this is a string because we have double quotes inside.
We have characters, which is a string in this case.
Now, to invoke this variable so that we can print the content of this variable.
Very simply, we can just get rid of all of that.
Now it's very simple.
All we do, we just give it all that and say name as such.
And you can see it even gives us the suggestion of the variable in this case where we were in a run.
We should see Kotlin works fine.
Now, if we wanted to do something more extravagant, meaning we want to interpolate or concatenate
or kind of have a variable instead of a string, let's say we want to say hello and then pass in the
values of this name variable.
To do that in Coughlan, you have to use the dollar sign to say, now I am interpolating or I want to
invoke an external variable that is going to be run instead of this string.
So if I type name, then what's going to happen?
It's going to run again.
We should see now say hello, codling.
Right?
So whenever you want to invoke a variable that has something we must interpolate, or you must add the
dollar sign and the variable name, you will notice something.
We have this yellow squiggly line.
What does that mean if you have over?
It will say that variable is never modified and can be declared immutable using Val.
What's all about?
Well, the compiler is trying to help us out is saying, Well, OK, so this variable here you said
its name and passed in a value that's being held inside of this packet, this variable.
But he never really changed it.
So this is kind of redundant.
Make it variable or far we should change it.
File.
This tells us there's another type of variable in this case that we can use that is not mutable, which
means cannot be changed because that's what is saying here.
It's like, well, this you never changed it.
Meaning I never came here and said, name is equal to something else, such as John or something like
that.
If you do that notice now the Squiggly Line is gone because you say, OK, you are OK because it says
it.
OK, that makes sense.
You created this variable, right?
And you modified it.
So that's fine to use VAR.
Now, if you run this, what's going to happen is the compiler takes the last assigned item or contents
of that variable, so it's no longer Kotlin.
In fact, that's how you can see here in this case that Kotlin is great out because it says is redundant
because we actually changed it right after that.
OK.
So whenever you're creating variables that you know you're not going to change them, you should.
Instead of using VAR, you should use a vowel.
So in this case, I'm going to get rid of this would say foul my name, just, for instance, just to
change a few things, and I'm going to say John.
So now Val will have no problem fact if I comma this out.
Forward slash like that notice.
We have a problem because naming is no longer available.
So let's change that what we call a hue to my name.
And then all this good vowel is fine, and we don't see that squiggly line to say this should be vowel
because it isn't in a vowel.
We never change now.
This way, this is the mutable variable type.
This is a mutable meaning you can change.
And I'll show you if I tried to say my name and set it to something notice right away, the compiler
is going to say, Well, well, well, well, well, you can.
I do that right?
You can't reassign something that is immutable.
You cannot change them.
They cannot be changed.
So in this case, you hover over is going to say change 2FA.
If you click Change 2FA, then it's changed 2FA, which means then we are allowed to do this.
OK, I'm going to just go back to what we had before.
OK, so these are the two main types that we need to be aware of.
Oh, OK.
This is mutable.
And you when I say file when we use vowel, that is immutable as such.
In fact, I'm just going to get rid of those because that's going to give us an error.
And there you have it.
So you learn two things here mutable and immutable ways to create variables.
And the Kotlin documentation says, whenever in doubt, just use vowel like immutable.
That's what they recommended to always use.
But there are times you want to change them right away.
Those variables, then in those cases, of course, you want to use a far.